The part of my future that I'm most worried about would probably have
to be whether I'll be good enough. So, I want to make my own business.
I want to make games, educational games for millions of people that
are going to change their lives, affect the American school system,
hopefully change the world. To do something like that, you to be
pretty bright, you have to be pretty smart. Maybe, to make that type
of business, you have to be able to speak to people pretty well and
have a good business plan, good business model. I'm not sure if I can
do that. With any big challenge, you have to have the right tools
to begin and currently I don't have it. The good side is, I'm trying.
I'm in USC, I'm learning every day, I'm teaching English in Japan
and I'm getting the teaching skills that are required to, that I'm
going to need when I do my business later on. I'm working towards it.
Maybe I'll be successful, maybe not. The cool thing is, on my path,
if I have to do something different, let's say I start working for
NASA and I like the job and I'm satisfied and I like my car and have
a good family life, then I can stop and I can continue that job. On
the other hand, it's good to have that challenge. It's way off in
the future that, you know, very very successful, financially wealthy
and very very difficult and that's spurring me to keep trying. So I'm
unsure about that and I'm unsure about whether I'll be good enough
but hopefully, with everything that I'm doing, I'll wind up someplace
that I need to be. I'll wind up someplace very successful.